docs: add live-data-products concept page (#36761)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/concepts/_index.md

Concept                                  | Description
-----------------------------------------|-----
[Reaction Time](/concepts/reaction-time) | Measures how quickly a system can reflect a change in input data and return an up-to-date query result. Defined as the sum of data freshness and query latency.

> [Live Data Products](/concepts/live-data-products/) | Materialize's primary use case: building the nouns of your business as live SQL views that compose into your business's ontology.

Author: ```suggestion
[Live Data Products](/concepts/live-data-products/) | Building the nouns of your business as live SQL views that compose into your business's context graph.
```
